You made it to the
end of this course!
Congratulations—you did it!
I hope you are proud
of all you learned.
The focus of this course
was computing basics.
Understanding the basics of
computing is a valuable skill as
you transition into your
career as a security analyst.
Let's recap what you
learned in this course.
We first focused on
operating systems
and how they relate to
applications and hardware.
Understanding how the
system you're protecting
works is essential for
doing your job effectively.
That brings us to the
Linux operating system.
When working in the
security profession,
familiarity with
Linux is important.
We first discussed
this architecture
and various distributions.
Then, we used a Linux
command line to carry
out tasks you might encounter
as a security analyst.
Finally, we looked at
another useful tool and used
SQL to query databases.
After this course, I
hope you have a better
understanding of
how these foundations
of computing support
a security analyst
in their daily work.
I also hope you continue
your path with this program.
There are a lot of other useful
and exciting topics ahead.
Once again, congratulations.
You've finished another course.
Building skills is something
you should be proud of.
Keep it up as you progress
through this program.